this is something for those of you who
have young children at home like I do
you're familiar the baby Yoda from the
Mandalorian it's a very cute popular
character but according to Disney which
own Star Wars baby Yoda toys will not be
available for Christmas they didn't want
to make the toys because they don't want
to spoil the reveal of the character and
now it's too late
Christmas is now ruined but if you want
a baby Oda for your kid or your adult
nerd help is on the way here is a simple
way anyone with a few basic items can
make their own little Yoda at home
[Music]
in that great problem-solvers around
here hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box